---
versionFrom: 8
meta.Title: "Components Library"
meta.Description: "Page Components Explained"

layout: default
title: Components Library
nav_order: 6
permalink: /Components-Library
has_children: true
---

# Under Construction Notice

The page components library documentation is still a work in progress. You may find some things not fully explained here just yet. This is because I've published my incomplete development changes to at least have some form of documenation for the time being.

___

# Component Library Explained

The component library is a library of components that are derived from the website design evaluation. Every page component is different. Most page components have a standard composition applied that inherits from the [Component Settings](/Components-Library/v8/Component-Settings.html) document type. Page Components are configured based on these [Development Guidelines](/Components-Library/v8/Development-Guidelines.html).

## How It Works

Each Component Page will have a Page Components Folder as a child node. The [Page Components Folder](/Components-Library/v8/Page-Components/Page-Comp-Folder.html) child node is auto generated by the `~/App_Code/PageComponents.cs` file. Once the "Save" or "Save and Publish" event for the configured parent document types is triggered, the child page components folder will auto generate.

### Component Code Files

The file naming conventions are detailed in the [Development Guidelines](/Components-Library/v8/Development-Guidelines.html). Per the recommendations for file naming, page components code will be located in the `~/Views/Partials/PageComponents/` folder and named similar to the doctype alias' name like so: `_PC_doctypeAlias.cshtml`.



